TO

LEASEHOLD ESTATES, STRAND,
By Meffrs. GRIFFITH and Cof
At Garraway's Coffee Houfe, on Friday next, at 12 o'clock,
 et Pat in one Lot
HREE LEASEHOLD Brick DWEL,
T
fort
LING HOUSES, fituated in Fountain Court, Bean-
Buildinga, Strand, No. 1, 2, 14, let to Mr. Butlers Mr.
rcainence for a famity, wit upout 19 geres of Fich meadow
and arable land. The whole in the moft perfect repair,
ngl nar b eggho belbr. fuon
 fituate in a pleafant and tertue part of Eterts, in a fine fport-
ng country, in the neighbourhood of two packs of fox
hounds, Lady Salifbury's and Mr. Calvert's; the lands, gar-
dens and fhrubbery in a high ftate of cultivation, the proper-
ry and refidence of James Piggott Ince, Efq. in a few days
after will be fold, all the neat Houfehold Furniture, live and
 dead ftock, garden and farming utenfils, a ftack of fine hay,
two milch cows, &c &c-The land is tythe free, except Sacres.
tel Thompfon, and Mr. Sandal, at Rents amounting to 10bl.
w leper annum, are held for a torm of 175 from Lady-day,
 fubject to a Ground Rent of 40l. per annum.
May be viewed by leave, and particulars had on the
remifes; at Peel's Coffee Houfe, Fleet-ftreet; of MreBd.
wartls, Solicitor, Caftle-ftreet, Holborn; at Garraway's;
and of Meffrs, Griffith and Hophins, Blickman-ftreet,
Southwark, . an ag mt me Map-pupe,
ureeftommmmmommmmas oufa femmmommtmmtemun humurntumu umanmmar od ememlememmummmuimd
l Elegant HoUSEHOBM SURNITOREy-by Mr. HAR-
RIS, at a large Room, Nol a. Capel-court, Bartholo.
ll Rmnewelode, the Eaft End of the Bank, THIS and three
mewane, the
 Cabinet-Maker, which quilt be fold without any refervefiforil
 the benent ofhis creditors, Comprifing 15 elegunt four-poft J
eads, with Rich gilt and japaiined cornices, and excel-
edding; fix field bedfteads and furnitures; pier giaftes
to
excellent mahogany chairs, covered with green and redllea,
ther; three of the fets, confifting offourteen each; mahogany, 
chefts of drawers, dining, card, and pembroke tables, fome)
beadtiful ladley drefting tables; chairs in fatin hair tcloth,
jout and cottade Japauned chairs; table, and tea fets, rich
out glafs luftres; a quantity of ftair carpeting, and fome
beautifol iqlaid cabfinet work; the whole in excellent pre-
vation, and well worth the attention of thofe who wifh to
rhift, alagang, rgs's a Aonepe
furmin elegamry.ee An od
May be viewed, when Catalogues may de had at Garta-
way's, and of the Auctioneer, 150, Bifhoplgate-ftreet.