By Mr. CHRISTIE,
At his Great Room, Deau-ftreet, Soho, HIS and four fol-
lowing Days, precifely at 12 o'clock,
LL the elegant and modern HOUSEHOLD
FURNTURE, linen, china, prints, paintings, &c.
the effects of CHARLES SEYMOUR JKFFERSON, En de-
ceafed, removed from Harley-street, Cavendifh-fquare, for
conveniency of fale; comprifed of elegant large four poft
bedfteads, rich chinte furnitures, and window curtains to
match; excellent prime goofe and down beds; large fuper-
fine blankets and counterpanes; field and other bedfteatls,
and fuitable bedding; large and brilllant pier glaffes, an ex-
celleut fuite of dining-room chairs, covered with leather and
a fof to match; a drawing-roon fuite of 12 chairs, cain
feats and cufhions, Japanned bed-room and other chairs,
large Bruffels, Turkey and other carpets; a elegant feeretary
and bookeafe; a ditto fitleboard, with cellarets; a large fet
of dining tables to join with circular ends, double and fingle
chefts of drawers, dining, eard and Pemhroke tables, fine
wood; a lady's dreffing table, with apparatus complete; ele-
gant tea and coffee equipages, a ditto table fervice, feveral
lots of fine prints and paintings, by efteemed Mlafters, richly
framed, a wardrobe of fine tuble and bed linen, the whole of
the furnithre in excellent Prefervation, being new within
12 months. May be viewed and catalogues had. an.
N.B. The Furniture from his Country Houfe will be
fold at a future fale, of which a tintely notice will be given.
Monday the 14th inftant, at one o'clock, in Three Lots
by direction of the Executors,ots
THE Following Valuable LEASEHOLD
ESTATES, late the Property of General WM.
onte rowe iff
ESTATES, late the Property of General WM.
CROSBIE, Deceafed;
Lot 1. A canital and very defirable LEASEHOLD
HOUSE, and Premifes, with nunterous and convenient
Domeftie Offices, Standing for four parriages, and rounry
Stabling for fix Horfes, pleafantly fituate No. 17, in GREAT
CUMBERLANDPEACE nearly oppofite the new entrauce
into Hyde Park, the Property and Kelidence of the late Gent.
WM. CROSBIE. The Premifes comprife a fpacious well-
erected Dwelling-houfe, containing Snoble fuite of Drawing
Rooms, one 36 feet by 22 feet, the other 27 feot 6 by 16 feec
S, and a fmull Autioroom clegantly fitted up with modern
and coltly Statuary Marble Chimney-pieces, Baloony Win-
dows, &c. an excellent Diuing Pariour 27 feet 6 by 19 fect6,
Breakfaft Ditto 20 feet by 17 feet, large Entrance Hall, and
ftone Stuireafe, feveral good Bedchantbers and Dreffing-
rooms, iplete with convenient Offices of every defeription
Judicioufly arranged, and finifhed with pecullar talle; held
for an unexpired term of 60 years from Michaelmas laft, ac
a low Ground Rent of 30l. per annum.
Lot 2. A capital and very defirable LEASEHOLD
HOUSE, with numerous and convenient Domeftie Offices,
Coach-houfe, and Stabling for five Horfes, fituate No. 45, M
UPPER SEYMOUR-STREET, oppolite Great Cumber-
land place, in the occupation of her Grace the Duengss of
NEWCASTEE. The Premifes comprife a fpacious, well-
erected Dwelling-houfe, containing a large Drawing Room
25 feot by 21 leet, a fmaller ditto in front with Balcong
Windows, Bed Room, and Dreffing Room, rich ortig-
mented Cicling and Cornice, marble Chimney-pieces, and
gilt Mouluings, a large Bining Parlour 24 fect 6 by 2s feet.
Breakfalt ditto 17 feot by 9 feet 6, large Dreffing Room 37
feot by 12 feet, Powdering Room and Water Clolet, ueok
Entrance Hall enclofed with folding doors, and ftone Stair-
cafe to fecond Boor, feveral good Bed-champers and Drelling
Roouis, replete with convenient Offices of every defenption
judiciouby artanged; held for an unexpired term of 34
years wunting to days from Lady-day laft, at a very low
Ground Reut of 16l. per annum.
Lot 3. A fmall LEASEHOLD HOUSE, fituate No. 5.
the North fide of UPPER BRYANSTONESTREET,
Portiane-fquare, confifting of a Shop and Parlour on the
ground floor, two Rooms on the firft ftoor, two ditto on the
SUPERB HOUSEHOLD FURNTURE, CARFETS, ) fecond floor, Kitchen and Wafhhoufe, &c. held for a loug
PIERGLASSES, &c.-By Mr. HARRIS,icidin, Grewead Bent
At a large Commodious Room, No. 4. Capel-court, Bar-
tholomewelane, the Eaft End of the Bank, on Thurfday
next, and eight following Days, (Sunday excepted) pre-
cifely at 11 o'clock,