,
Yaluable and very Eligible LEASEHOL,
ESTATE CTythe freey pleafantly fituate on Enfield) A COPYHOLD ESTATE of INHERL
Chace, at eafvidiftanbaa Foowal Brfield; Potter's Bar, Hadley TANCE, fituate at Laleham, a fhort diftance front
ffnb) Eh PESSYEO, ncndrd uemegrwag front
E.
Y.
g.

S.
l

fe

and Southgate, and thirteen miles from London; comprinugel
a genteel niodern built ViLLa, called NORTH LODGE,
with Offices of every defeription, Coach-houfes, Stabling,
Lawn, Plegfure Ground and walled Garden, a complete
Farm-yard, with every neceffary Outhuilding and the ad-
joining Inclofures of Meadow, Arable and Wood Land,
with plenty of Rich Marle (which is efteemed an excel-
lent manbrey on various parts of the Eftate; the whole
lying very compact, and containing Three Hundred
and Thirty Acres, nearly encluded by a fence paling,
forming a very defirable Eftate, of which an carly pof-
feffion may be had, The Eftate is held under the Crown
for a term of 99 years from Decamber 29, 1777, at 138l. per
annum. May be viewed by Tickets, which with printed par-
iculars may be had of Meffrs. Skinner, Dyke aud Skinner,
Alderfgate-ftreet; Particulars alfo at the Red Lion, Bar-
net; George, Enfield Town; Four awans, Walthamecrofs;
Salifbury Arms, Hatfield, and at the place of Sale.
N.B. A confiderable part of the Purchafe Money will
be permitted to reft upon fecurity of the Eftate. 

c
g.
lo

bf
l
gh

RC
he
ld
h.
E.
Li
the Thames; commanuing pteating views ot a beautiful
country, four miles from Walton upon Thames, and with-
in twomifes of Staines, confifting of fubftantial and very. )
convenient Brick Dwelling-houfe, of four roonts on a ftoor,
with dreffing room, fuitable domestie offices, coach-houfe,
ftabling for 4 horfes, fore court, pleafure and Kitchen garden,
Orchard, and valuable Common Rights, on leafe to John
Congan, Efq. whole term expires at Cady Day 1800, but in
poffeffion of George Hartwell, Efqeat a rent of FORTYTwo
POuNDS per annum.
With two Cow Farrines on Lalcham Burway, ufually
let at 1lBs.e
To be viewed by leave of the tenant, of whom printed
l particulars may be had; alfo at the Greyhound; Lalcham;
the Bufh, Staines; the Poft-houfe, Walton upon Thames;
Bell, at Hampton; Sun, Kingfton; Meffes. Plaifted and
Dair's, Solicitors, No. 37, Hatton Garden; place of Sale,
and of Meffrs. Skinner, Dyke, and Skinner, Alderfgate-
street.