ut a gr in
To be SOLD by AUCTION,
By Thomas Ridgeway and Jofeph Merryman,
On the premifes,
THIS DAY
By order of the affignees of Mr Samuel Ball, Miller
and Mealman, a bankrupt,
Is valuable LEASEHOLD and FREEHOLD
ESTATES, in feveral diftinct Lots, viz. One
a 
capital leafehold Wind and Water Mill, on which a
fum very little fhort of ten thoufand pounds have been
expended on the erection and completion of the fame
within the fpace of fiveyears, which for fituation and
convenience, is not to be cqualled in the Kingdom,
known by the name of Abbey Mills, fituate at
Weft Ham Abbey, near Stratford, Effex, for a term
of which about fifty-fix years are unexpired, fub-
ject to a rent of 120l. per annum. The faid mill con-
tains tour fioors; one large water wheel, fix par of
French ftones, two peak ftones, large feeding huppers,
bins, bolting mills, h ifting and lowering tackles, a
drying kiln, large granaries that will hold fr. in 3000
to 3500 quarters of corn, befides good ftowave for
flour and meal; two ftore-houfes, flaughter-houfe,
hog-ftres, mill-wright's fhop, ftarling for fourteen
horfes, with lofts over; three cart-houfes, and every
neceffary convenience requinte for a mill known to have
ground upwards of feven hundhed quarters a weck;
adjoining the mill is a genteel dwelling-houfe, fitted
up at a very great expence, and a meffuage at the foll-
bar; alfo a fpacious wharf, about eaglit acres of iea-
dow ground, and navigable rivers to te mill, with
complete lock food-gates.
A fine road from Londen, and a toll-gate belonging
to the eftate; the wharts, land ufe of the rivor, and
tollogate, let to under tonauts for more than the rent
paid for the premifes.
One leafehold dwelling houfe at Weft Ham abbey
aforefaid, let to Mr. Thoroughgood, at 6l. Ss. per
annum, and one meadow fiead of three ares, now in
hand; four freehold brick meffuages at Weft Hain
abbey, Fffex, and a conch-houfe, with chambers
ver it, and fome land; the meffuages Let at 7l. per
annum cach. The whole may be vewed till the
fale.
Printed particulars may be had at the place of
fale; at the Poft-houfe at Brentwoed; at the Cock at
Romford; at lack's Coffee-houe, Mark-lane, at
Mr. Merryman's, Swern-broker, Heydon-fquale,
Minories; and at Mr. Ridgexay's, Sworn-breker,
No. 168, Fenchurch-ftreet, London.
N.B. Weft Ham Abbey is diftant from London
3 miles, S from Romford, 20 from Ougar, 27 from
Bifhop Stortford, 18 from Grays, 26 from Chelms-
fold, 13 from Kingfton, and 18 trom Ware and Hert-
fold; fro m moft of which places there is water-carriage
to the Mill.