Realdence and Furniture, Somereet-atreet, Partman-aquare.
B. FENNER begs to give notice, that he i
direeted in SElL bye AUCTION, on the Premises, 4. Samrrant,
atreet, on Saturdiny the and Instan, at Twelve, the genuine Hud 3k.
HOLD FURNITERF, rovewnod and mahogany tables and commadrs
excellent guuge beils and beauing, wardrobes and cheets of drawe.
aut chimney wlagaes and m trors fuatres and lamps, larat Bruvaris oati
hets, rwelxtor and other atoves, and a variety of uretal efhets, the pro-
Perty of a Gentleman gune abroad.
Un the nuine dny unieas prentoualy dlanoned of by private contes
tis ell atranges
will he Sold the upyapined and benchetal LEASE of f
REXHhEWPF, adupted for a gruteal Familr, and held for aterm ut rea
at a lewrext
To ne viewed; and particulars and catalogues had on the premim
and of Mr. Fanner, 18, Bune-atreet, Mancheater-aquare.
a
Dealrahle Leaazhald Property, and Ground Bents, produrins
Bental of of uer Aunum & a Sool Share in the Alhion Fire umer
Hy
alr OxENHAB, at Garraway's, on Wedneaday, Fab.
Twelve by order of the Aciing Reaiduary Trutte, undar the W
the late John Betts Eaqideceazed; ia Twenty Lots.
WEXTYTWO LEASEHOLD HOUSES, mod
a
desirably aithaty No.S. Nottingham-plave New-road: Nor
wos.
3.  Hh, and B,. Uxturdentreet, in the par ah of St Mary la-bonue
ll and tis Great Ruazell atreet. Blaomabury Ne. Bl. Holhoin
and b. Strand Non. Hand ls, Gratton atreet Soho; Nos S..t. ind
ld Burflugto a ais Pl cauilly: No 3 LawnPlace Shepherd's he
tre
No. a. Chios terreey, and Nos. SS. andS. China row, farmbrth
for luny toome, at low ground rents; all let to rood t anta on ou
and
at will at ant tenty amounting to Onk Thous w THaE
 WHRED pof yhs per ANNUM. Alno, a Sd SHAHE In the Al-
BloN ring orrick.
fir ureutines may be viewed (with leave of the rexpeetive tenants al
ays pereeding the
tale Sonday ereeptadl; particutars had of At
Richard utse, folictint, 1s. New Bridge-atreet, Blackirlars, wher the
eages may be Inxpeuted; al Garraway's; and at Mr. Oxenham's -R-t
H Oxford-Street, near the Pantheon.
Woallen Croths, &c.By Mr. MISE, at the Aurtion Mart. on Thursday
Seb al,. at Pweive ton aecount of the Manaineturers.
N Extenaive ASSORTMENT of pome WEST of
ENGLAND BRUAD CLORHS, CANSINERES, &c. conainting
of extra Saxany and auperdne beacks, blues, and medlays; mifed and
iugle pas-imeres, ladles and pellazs oluths; plain walstewatlngs, &c &c.
say be viewed on Wednganay and morning of aale; and eatarogon
had at the Mart; and at the Auctioneer, Church-court, Old dawry.
The late Mr. Smart's Pletures.
B. STANLEY reapecifully gires Notice, that
early in the enguing Mowth of March, he will. by order of tt
Atlmintatrator, guumit to onrevere ALE by AUCTION, the nums-
u and valuable AvSESIBLAE Af P TUREs, the uroperty of the
late Mr. Amart of Fichinurne attret, many years an eminent Beair..
and dlalinguihad for hin diecetument ln Wark. of Anl. The areem-
lage wisl be foun lrfoh in the prodfuefhon of pupulat Dutch and Fixm-
h wranter; in nev tal apives apexiigss of the Halian athas, And tes
Inlereating by the great uumber of purtruits of pervons of dbtinitins.
Breverved to poaterity by the penells of Vandyck, Laty, Kualler, Janeanh
andl other artiats af celgurity
The tale will be divim into veveral purtions, and dur gotles of th
 tims be riven in this and other deily papers.
Auction Rooms, Il. Uld Bond-atreet
aluable Freehold Extates in Bublln-In the Coffre Room of the Com-
mereial Bufidings, in the City of uablin, an Wedneeday, Barch t at
One of not previnnaly dixpuaed of by private contract, of which dus
notlen will be given: vit.
RT of the TOwN and LANDS of DONNY,
HOOk, the Towns and Lands at Milltown Churchtown, Calies
Wond. Collons Farm, and Windy Harbaur, contalning about ats arre
late Irich meaxure, and uredueins a net prout rent of onf ls to an
carraney, benidas renewal fines. The Town and Lands of Portman if
containiny abont ind aure ate Irith meature, and prndncing a net prefit
ent ot 32u ths tod late cutreney, bealdes renewal fines, genund renn
bayable nut uf Lemannestreet, and othar adjoining atreets, groduclag s
nef urqut ront of aul iato cwer noy, bealdes tenew al fines sald tomwns
inas, and premives beine altuue In the vounty of Dablls. Alan, Fn
Farm and other rents payable nut af hn aon whe Bube-atreet Inoe
atreet, Graftan atreet and Nargguest eat in the Clty of Dublin, prodneins
o 15 late curune, per anpums, all which ais mure p rticulatly tef oal
n the rentale thereof The fands and premis s alated to be in the coniy
of Hublin are nefthes confipuous to or lols the City, and the hoyee and
pitents in the Anove ateert ved for ad high runts a any other part al
lay. The aveve propariies will be suid In late, ae may tult the aa-
reninnon of pur havers.
For partipulars, aupir to Merars, Paytan, Scots, and Plarton Sollel-
ture Lifsdu's Iot
Lundng: or to Meaars J. and C. Hacartney, wiou-
ceater atreet, Enblin.
uomu au eae
uemmummmma