bemmeaoan-
S be TSoT b o be or To be b TO n.

SALES by AUCTION, 5
To be bo Sold S S  OodbTo ToTo be be
By Mr. HIBBERDINE,
by order of the Propieter.
At CARRAWAY's Coffee-houle, in Exchange
Alley. Cornhiil,
On Thurfday the 29th Inftant,
At Twelve o chick a Noon,
Neat FREEHOLD ESTATE in Land,
in the county of Mid Hefex, containing, by ad-
meafurement, about Nine acres, be the fa ne more of
lefs, fituare in Faft lane, Letween Wempley and Sud-
bury gr-en, and known by the name of Suffer-long's
Tefe adlow, Smiles from condon, and 2 f om Harrow
on the fill; it is now greatly under-let to Mrs. Mary
Weftmore, at enly leper annum,for a terin, of which
five years will be unexpired at Mich elas next,
 For further pa ticutar and conditiens of fale en-
quireof Mr. laihberdine, Crurched-iryars.
B. The Leafes of fevetal noufes byth in town
and Country to be difi fed of by priv ite contract libe
wife two fingl--Horfe chaifes, and one vely good horfe
t5. Mr. JIEBERDENE,
At Garraway's Coffee Houfe, in Exchange-aley,
On Thurfday the 21th inftont
At Tercive o cloch at noon,
By order of the affignec of Meffrs. Maurice and John
Daniel Dreyer
FR. Miurice Drever's Life in a Freehold
Farm, at Shckon, in the county of Nortolk.
let at 01l. per annum.
And Dato, in a farm at Cono- Wefton, in the
county of uffolk, let at 12 l. per annum.
Allo, the Liteh ate of Mr. John Pariel Dreyer in
the iuin of 3 00l. fecured upon the Eftate of Mr. ames
itanfly, of Touthall, in hottifhain, All aints, in the
county of No folk, fituate in hottifham and Nood-
ham, and plices adjoining, in the faid cooncy, on te
yearly value of 15l. a d meafe ot the death of Mar-
garet, wife ot the faid Mr. John Daniel Drever, in his
lire ime, without iffue by him living at her death, or
any iffues of fuch iffues that fhall not atain a venty-
one years, or day of martiage, then the fum of 15 o
part of the fand 60l. to go to the ufe of the faid
Mr. John ganiel Dreyer, and the other to revert to the
faid Mr. Jamos Pranfty
Particulars and conditions of fale may he had of
Mr. Hbberdine, Crutched Frin's.
To be Manchefter Warehoufemen and Whole-
fale Upholders.