Fiarentine Sculpture in Alabaster, fust imported--By Mr. STANLES
at his Hoams, al Old Eond-atreet, To-Muithony Aptinds, at Tweive
without the amalleat reverve, on acconus of the Proprietor hain
ublived to returs to Itair.
VERY elegant COLLECTION of SCULE,
TUHED ALALASTER, of beautinad Fiorantine workmanahip.
in varts of antique and modern forms, lampy, dawer pots, tartis, an
uther aramental artieles in pletra dura; the who d exceuted in  ador
Hor manner by eminent Battan artats.
Blay by viewel) two days perceding the Sale, and catalogues had.
By Mr. HUDGSGN, at his Great Boam, ins, Firwtnatreet, pear Chanterr
lane remarell fromh an Monday next, Antinn, and tire tohowin.
Days, at Halt pant Twelve prreixely.
OOKS, from the Library of a Nobleman; to which
ls axded another COLLECHON trom the Coundry, tumpritiny
an excelleat Augemalage in Betany, County Bixtory, Dryindy, Mall
malies, Buoks of Prints, and Works of General lteratate, lewiniinx
In Fut tn Marklin's Blble, aubeeription cuny, Vareins Uremfis hs
Paradin,a vols, Tolaured plales, turotea, Horte, Il manus,; tor so
uuted plates, Buxburgh's Piants of Cormmandel. ve a. Morne nalm
Fronenautum, yols, tulented platee Piure Auct
tin's Flura Londinen-ns, Svols, neond ouffion, tullfreiat
cal Drawinga; Rohaon's Seenery, Helinahea, Pheamel To
Catts a Enylanl. Touls. Ie
e1a: Faulan's Chruniele, rrmxs a
Oxford nd Camitidgs, Tvol. Thorraby's Lente, Bay's
ry Antiquitles: Adam's Baimatia Buine's Pertam, Seidend Buer
vuls, largx papur; Chroniquea de Monfatre, rni. T nen' Leuens
Lronugh Scetiand, large paber; Pine's Huure of Lands, haireteale fen
Joknanls LIten of
embourg, narneta, Shak-gearet, Works
many lnituifted pialys
Highwaymen; Sanurart's Works, Svols rur,
tha
Aftrewa nelnanf
Jonephl Upera, Havercamp, a volwton
er Audin ind Provintn
lep aftory, avuln cwlouted niatea; Perlaw
Ueon Eilaabeth. a
Anglin, Brilliant purtralts, Nichuin's Frogrx,ee-
Burnam and
vulx; Walils's Northumbarland, a tots. Hel
Cumeertand, Svuls. Lriand's Ierfand Sress. Stretss Drexes ar:if
Walpoin's Worka, S rols, larae paper, rurwit; Evefgn's Syira, avels.
Jortin's Life of Braamus, Tvols. Sir ty. Innrs's Works, five a. Buftan's
Funguves, a raiy. Archales and Br.ln, Tyon. Cann's Voyaxes.
vola, and Atlas Eng's James H. largeat paner, morured Uteve
Wardl's Heheltinn, in Yrrey, with brimant Im-trewfnof the portiat.
vaix, Vidirlarum Calholkorum Barbarnin, on. Trave fin Phratniin
ertraits; D Urfey's Pilis to Parge Briaueholy,s ruls, BatreaN
veilat'a Magarine, Ar voln; Butier's Lives of the Satots, ia tuis fare
Memuirs of Miawienary Priexts, s vols. Neal's Purttates Tyols. J
on's Worka, lsvols.. Trameecuons of the Socinty of A
2l to s
pine's Huracy, a voly. Histuire de Franve, as Sols. a Fuarlads Col
tion of Carleaturas, &c. &c.
To be viewed and catalogues had.
The lats General Sir Brent Spencer's Pietures, Prints Labtary of Boaks.
Waratabe at Table and hed Linen, &..
R. CAUTY has the honour very reapecitully to
anngunce to the Noufiity and Gentry that under the diref fon of
the Freenturs hie wit on Tur-day next.U e tty of Aprhl, nufimt th MALE
by AUCHUN, at his Great Rooms, No. we,. Pall Mail, the mmal bet ra-
luable CULLECTION of CABINET PETURES al the ate nenetal
Brent aneater. G..B.. remaved from hisrraldener in Burkings amalure
camptialng apecimans by Scbaattan Del Piomus, Munitm, Pouavi Vau-
dervelde, and other af the muat aatremed Manters, a netivs of pruat En-
gravings of the Royal Famaly, richly framed and tited, uttto al very
urautitully exxcuted Lanixcaves, in cragyons, wiated with plate pixes.
ng-
The Ligraty ul Bouks camprchends the prinefpal shondarss wo
liah and Furrign Literature, Yoyaves and Hrare s, Loxtaing, Br-
Printa, Carleatures, &c. Alro. the Warargue of Furrigu uamaes faba
and Bad Linen.
stay be viewed the day preceding, and Cataloguas had at the Bivoms.
as Pail
abrad,
Uld Hund-atreAmrmblars of auperh Lhaniis
Table and other Lamos, vorlows of Hth f eatret1.
nul-
Clocks, &rBy Sr.CRUERFUfen, on the Pre.
street, on Monday, Apris ts, and fwhumgoy. at Twrire aathalay
wlfhout revurve, by order of Mr. Phitiins,
ALL the REMAINIAG PIRT of the valeable
pitufnad ualtas,
STOCK, conviating of an efraanl;
Palen
a
ll
a variety of ormold and brunge a
abras, iInk-
burners, a great variety nt ornenignia
hn ofhamenils a
stands, chimney ornaments, alabatie
purs, Garaftn,
large variety of 1lch tut veay, in aeeu
nd fumblurs, wines, &c.; veveral fne beunges, abll varions aeetal and
ornamental artteies.
To be riewed two daye praceding the aaie. Patalamies had upon the
pramlars, and at Mr. Crockfon's Uffers, 1n, Non Boud abreet.
Pollicies in the Equirabls, B. y. Pilaze, Amealde, and Pefi