by Mr. SNAITh, 
U CABHAWAys COPPEb HOUSE, COnNIlllL
ITEBNESPAY, the IIth Inntant, at One, in the fol-
fon
wing Lots, or auch other es ahull be mentioned on the day
le.
HESE ESTATES contain in the aggregate
about Six Hundred and Thirty-five Acres of Arable
Peature, and Wood Land, in the occupation of reapeetable
tenanis, and pnsalure a rental of UToll per annum. exclusive of
the Lual Mines and gonnis of Cual, which ure of great extent,
nad the coal of a supefior qualiry
Lot l. The pouth and Wear Choppington Farms, with
witable farm-houres, yards, barns, atables, and buildings,
divers parcels of arable, paature, and wood land, containing
To neres, or thereabouts, Situated within the Mnnor of Chop-
ington, in the parigh of Bedlington.
Lot 8. The Coal Mines and Seams of Coals beneath the
th and Weat Choppingion Farms.
Lot 8. The Paixchugh and Eant Choppington Farms, con-
inting of Bl arres, or thereabouts, of Arable, Pasture, and
(Tood Land, with good farm-houxes, yards, barns, atables,
d buildings, aitunted within the Manor of Choppington, in
the parith of Bedlington.
Lot T. The valaable Coal Mines and Seams of Coal be-
n ath the whole of the Paixebugh and East Choppington
Farms.
Lot 6. The Manor, or reputed Manor of Sheepwach, with
the Manzion Houre, called Sheepwaah House, and the Out-
uildings, Garden, Orchard, Arable, Pasture, and Wood
Land adjoining, containing together al Acres, or thereabouts,
re parich of Bedlington, with the valuable Coal Mines
the anid Herrillinionts and Premises.
This moat decirable Property is Situated in the purith of
Padlingtud, in that part of the county of Durham, which lles
in the county of Northumberland, on the Ianks of the beauii-
and rouantie Biver Wansbock, along which it extends a
uillerable dixtance, and is aceeaible at a ahort distune
overland to a narigable part of the River Blyth.
Further Particulars and infornis ion, may be had by ap-
piring to Mr. Adamaon, Solicitur. Wwcastle on-Tyne; Mr.
naith, Auctioneer, at the rame place: or to Mesars. Atcheron
nd Walker, Splicitors, No. In, Linge-gtreet, London, al
hore Offices Plans of the Eatale may be aeen.
alworth--Yaluable Leas-hold Eatate held for 68 Years, at
a vary low Ground Bout. Exeallent Household Furniture,
 fine toned Piannforte, about ooll ounces of Plate, Library
Books, fine old thina, Bled and Table Linen, a Munical
Clock, Philogophital Inntrumonts, and other mixcellancous
Articles, the Property of Martin Hopkins, Eaqe deceaded.