SALES BY AUCHION,
Genteel Furniture. Three raluabls Table Clocks, find Old
China, oon Volumes of Books, (laues, Paintings, fins
Prints, &c.By LT. HOPWOOD,
SPACIOUS ROOMS, No. 28. CHAYCERY,
. on THURSDAY, the 6th Instant, at Eleven for
Twelve prechely, by order of the Executors.
ALL the Genuine FURNITURE, near 800
lors, including mahogany four-pont and elliptie bed-
ateads, window-curtains, beds and bedding, three imahopan)
of puient dining tables, pedeatal
uas-hedateads, three af
aideboard, wardrobes, chaa of drawers, card, nofa. and
nd japanned chairs, Brunich
dreming tables, mahogany
carpets, fenders, fire-irons, fixtures, and numerous othe
effeets.
May be viewed the day preceding the tals, and Catalogues
had at the Roonis.
uiodid auft, at the Hiart, af Fiw fHomand brnds, vont
of the moat Juatly ratcemed and universally admired Derby
China, far Superior in every rmpeet to any beretofore aub-
mitted for Sale trom any Manufhctory in the Kingdom.
T. T. RAY is direeted by the Manufacturers
muat reapecifully to announce to the Nobiliry, Gentry,
Export Merchants, Innkeepers, and the Publie in general.
hat be will OfTEL for SALB by AUCTION, withous
seterve on THURSDAY, the 6th Inatant, and following
Days of Buziners, until the whole is gold, at the MART, 
mout extensive and elegant AS-ORTMENT of Unaful and
Ornamental CHINA of every deveription, from the eclebrated
Derby Porcelain Hanufaetory, which is eminently auperior
for elegance of design, admirable tranaperency, exquinite
beauty and perfertion of the painting, and unequallad durabl-
lity, to any other Hanufnetory in the Kingdom, compriaing
upero dinner, tea, and breakfast vervices, beautlfullypainte
with flowers and historical aubjeets; others enrichid with
urple, blue, and gold borders; elaborately and moat fanhion-
ablr dexigned, and tastefully executed in reaplendent colours
warranted to be burnt in; desnert vervices, of handann eom.
moulds, diplaying various devices of birds, fruits, land-
apes, and botanical aubjecu; delicately painted by the firat
Artiats in Britain, at an unlimited expence, anleuriched with
 aplandid cullee-
gold arabesque borders; together wit
and Etruscan.
tion of Canton jars, Hegent urt
mt of lavender
an incomparabl. axSorth
ahaped ranves, at
incense burners, Bower and vialot baaken
bottles, ink atand
nts of every dexcription for the chininey
toy cups, omb
rome beauuful apecimens, quite
and cabinet; to
Hogular Packets will attonu the
to Uri
la
quo
atination.
an
fo
e, to lecure gou
vhen Catalogues may be had.
till
Hal
iewed;
To be